label	text
witty	We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
funny	Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
funny	My wife gave me an ultimatum: Her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
lame	What did the ravioli play on his birthday? Pasta Parcel.
lame	If Trump wanted to avoid impeachment... ...he should’ve falsely claimed there were WMDs in Iraq
lame	I find it hard to talk openly about the holes in my hands and feet Just feels likes there’s a lot of stigmata attached
witty	Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
witty	My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment.
funny	I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
witty	"Two strings walk into a bar... ...the bartender says, ""What'll it be?"". The first string says, ""I'll have a gin and tonic#MV*()>SDk+!^ &@P&]JEA&#65535;Segmentation Fault"".The second string says, ""You'll have to excuse my friend, he's not null-terminated."""
lame	Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
lame	What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
witty	What do you call an authoritarian couch potato? A dictator tot
witty	I don't get why bakers aren't wealthier. They make so much dough.
lame	What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
funny	“I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.”
lame	I do online classes like games... Blameit all on my internet.
lame	Why did the horny rebellion only last two minutes? Because everyone came
witty	Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
funny	I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
lame	If cartoon characters become real, who would attract most women? Pinocchio
witty	Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
witty	Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
witty	What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
lame	"“Siri,” I asked my phone, “why am I so bad with women?"" She responded, “I’m Bixby, you moron.”"
funny	I didn't want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
witty	"A couple is watching TV together... ...and the man keeps switching channels back and forth between golf and porn over and over again.Finally, his partner says ""Jesus Christ,can you stop doing that please? Just leave it on porn! You already know how to play golf."""
witty	Did you hear about the girl who quit her job at the doughnut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
funny	What did the fisherman do when he really liked a woman? He invited her over to net fish and krill.
witty	I heard there is a new shop called Moderation. They have everything in there.
witty	Did you hear about the cartoonist found dead at his home? Details are sketchy.
lame	The Somalian Olympics team has just apologised The Somalian Olympics Team has just apologsied to the Olympic Committee after realising that sailing and shooting were 2 separate events!!
witty	Did you hear about the cantaloupe that went to a therapist? I guess it was feeling Meloncholy.
witty	What happens when you don’t pay your exorcist? You get repossessed.
lame	I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store.
witty	Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
witty	What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.'
witty	How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
witty	I locked myself out of the house earlier so I shouted through the letterbox to my cat to let me in.He said: “Me? How?”
lame	I literally only know two phone numbers 911 and J.G. Wentworth’s.
witty	I'm color blind and the other day I thought I could actually detect purple, but it was just a pigment of my imagination.
witty	What does a bee use to brush its hair?' 'A honeycomb!'
witty	Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
witty	I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. 'No,' I said. 'It's to look at.' 
witty	What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
witty	What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
lame	Two aerials get married. The ceremony was rubbish - but the reception was brilliant.
witty	I can't stand cheese slices... ...but I respect the Kraft
witty	How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
funny	I inherited hypertension from my granny. She taught me to take everything with a grain of salt.
lame	My wife told me she didn't understand cloning. I told her, 'That makes two of us.' 
witty	What does a hermit crab call its home? Michelle
witty	This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
lame	Did you hear Buffalo Bill reformed and is now a pick up artist and skin care specialist? He puts the lotion in the basket and then he gets the hoes again
witty	Have you ever tried to eat a clock? It's very time consuming.
witty	I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
witty	I just saw two naked snails fighting over a shell They were slugging it out.
funny	"My wife screamed ""you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!"" What a weird way to start a conversation..."
witty	Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
funny	What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
witty	Why was the beach next to the power plant closed? Because it is spark infested waters.
funny	My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
witty	I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
witty	If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? 
lame	The United Kingdom is to provide special support to those self-identify as gnomes, fairies or pixies... It'll be known as the National Elf Service.
witty	If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
witty	I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
lame	"In Blackjack, why do they call ""17"" the mother in law? Why?'Cause sometimes u wanna hit it but u can't"
lame	Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts.
funny	I filled out a form wrong and accidentally gave a patient a bag of the wrong blood type. It was a Type-O
lame	What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
witty	What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
funny	I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
lame	Israel Health minister who previously claimed that CORONA Virus is “divine punishment against homosexuality.” Has tested positive for the virus!!!
lame	You can tell it's a dogwood tree from its bark.
witty	Can February March? No, but April May!
lame	I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
funny	They say you should test your fire alarm once a month... But it's costing me a fortune in houses!
lame	An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
lame	Dad I was thinking Ahhh!!! So that's whats burning.
witty	Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
lame	The German women’s beach volleyball team plays against the Brazilian women’s beach volleyball team. Who wins? The audience
lame	"The secret service isn't allowed to yell ""Get down!"" anymore when the president is about to be attacked. Now they have to yell ""Donald Duck!"""
lame	"""Your wife and daughter look like twins,"" my friend said. ""Well,"" I replied, ""they were separated at birth."""
witty	Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.'
witty	How many Amazonian fish does it take to kill a Frozen character? Just one per Anna.
lame	Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
lame	"A man is on trial for cannibalism. The judge asks what the defendant has to say for himself. The man replies, ""if you are what you eat, then I am the real victim here."""
witty	I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
funny	I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good.
funny	How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
witty	If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?' 'Pilgrims.' 
funny	What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
lame	Why some people didn't like Hollow Knight? The game was full of bugs.
witty	Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
witty	Getting paid to sleep would be my dream job.
witty	What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
lame	My coach told me to bring out the tiger in me during our football game. I didn't want to waste any of my favorite frosted flakes cereal.
funny	What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
witty	What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
funny	birthday card I received from my brother...Forget about the past you can't change it, forget about the future, you can't predict it, forget about the present... I didn't get you one.
witty	All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
witty	Where do Brain Surgeon Students go to study? The Hippocampus
witty	I told my wife she drew her eyebrows too high She told me she's tired of my repost BS and divorced me. It was definitely a surprise.
funny	I called up GameStop customer support They told me to hold.
witty	How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
funny	The creator of the USB flash drive died today. He was lowered into his coffin, flipped over, and then lowered again.
witty	What do farmers wear? Crop-tops!
lame	What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
funny	I think my wife is a weather forecaster... A guy called up asking if the coast was clear.
witty	Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?' 'Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.' 
lame	Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!
funny	What did the scientist said after mixing oxygen and magnesium? O Mg
funny	A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, 'That’s arson.' 
witty	Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn.
lame	I have been calculating the surface of the Earth in flat-earth point of view. And they were right saying that the government had been hiding much land and the surface is actually larger. How else would they be able to walk that far to fool themselves.
funny	What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
funny	My great grandfather have a heart of a lion, eye of an eagle, and.... A lifetime ban from the zoo
lame	I recently received a letter about my donkey dying, but as I was reading it, a gust of wind caught it and blew it up into the sky. It became an ass ending sending ascending.
witty	I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable.
witty	Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well!
funny	What do you call someone that plays Tenor and Alto saxophone? Bisaxual
lame	How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
witty	Why is it a bad idea to iron a four leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck!
funny	If you're feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It'll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
witty	A man argued with his wife over whether or not he stood with a hunch For months he maintained that his posture was fine. Finally, to prove her wrong, he made an appointment with a posture specialist. When he returned, his wife asked if the specialist agreed with her and helped him.  He replied, “I stand corrected.”
witty	I was in a grocery store when a man started to throw cheese, butter and yoghurt at me. How Dairy! 
witty	What do you call someone who is fluent in 3 languages and marginally conversant in 4th? Pi-Lingual.
lame	I got into a discussion with my coworker today about surnames. How they originated from what people were known for. Smith, shoemaker, etc. Well my great great great great great great grandfather's name was Horace P. Horsefucker. He got a bad rap. It was consensual...though the horse said neigh.
lame	I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
lame	I call my wife Bambi, she thinks it's because she is cute with big brown eyes. But in reality I just hope someone shoots her mother with a hunting rifle.
funny	Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food colouring. The doctor says i'm ok, but i feel like i've dyed a little inside.
witty	"What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? ""No thanks, I'm traveling light!"""
lame	What do Giraffes eat? Macaroni and leaves.
lame	How do you get red color from green color? You put frog in mixer
witty	How do oysters get around? In mussel cars.
funny	What do you call an old snowman? Water.
funny	We all know about Murphy's Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole's Law? It's thinly sliced cabbage.
witty	Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.' 
witty	Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
witty	I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
witty	My iPhone was stolen today... ...I hope the thief will face time.
witty	How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
funny	What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
witty	Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
funny	My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
funny	What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
witty	Why do panda bears keep buying bamboo? They just like the stock!
witty	Without geometry life is pointless.
funny	"So, Jesus and Satan are sitting on a park bench one day ...just chilling, and Satan asks, ""Hey JC, what's it called when little chunks of ice fall from the sky? It's not like I get to see it very often.""Jesus says, ""Hail, Satan.""And Satan's all like, ""YEEEEEAH, BOI!""And Jesus is all like, ""Oh, you."""
witty	What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
witty	What is the most philosophical book? The dictionary. It provides the meaning of everything.
witty	Little known fact, the mods of /r/Jokes are all actually Peruvian owls… I think they're Inca hoots…
lame	Why did Novak Djokovic pay for his flight to Australia with a Mastercard? Because his Visa didn’t work.
witty	What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
witty	Why do vampires always seem sick? They're coffin.
witty	How often do Jamaican farmers milk their cows? Every udder day
witty	How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
funny	What’s the difference between a dad and a grill? A grill runs out out of gas.
witty	Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.'
witty	Which friends do you always bring to dinner? Your taste buds.
witty	Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
witty	If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
funny	My local hair dresser just got charged with drug dealing. I am shocked. I've been a customer of his for years. He never told me he cut hair.
witty	What room is useless for a ghost? A living room
witty	I can’t find my ‘Gone in 60 seconds’ DVD. It was here a minute ago.
funny	I ordered some Avocado Toast at a cafe, but imagine my surprise when I was given 602214076000000000000000 pieces of toasts. It was then I realized... ...I'd accidentally ordered Avogadro's Toast.
lame	What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
witty	What kind of magic do cows believe in? Moodoo!
witty	Do you wanna box for your leftovers?' 'No, but I'll wrestle you for them.' 
lame	Marriage involves three rings: The engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffer-ring.
funny	What do you call a crossover between Star Wars and Back to the Future. The Man Delorean
witty	Just finished cleaning my grill. It was grate.
funny	I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
funny	I wasn't expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
lame	What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
lame	Until this crisis is over im going to stick to masturbation just before 8pm on Thursday evenings The neighbourhood applauding me as I finish is just the confident booster I need
witty	Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
lame	What joke is the same in all european languages? USA
witty	What did the blacksmith say to the knight when he delivered the knight’s new armor? You’ve got mail
lame	Grandson asks his grandfather Grandpa, is it true, that during the WW2 you took down six German planes?Well, grandson, take down is a strong word, let’s say, not fully fueled.
witty	What do call a criminal landing an airplane? ConDescending.
witty	How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
witty	What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
witty	Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom.
lame	What is the difference between a freshly made pizza and a hungry jungle tiger? One tastes delicious to you and you taste delicious to one.
witty	I don’t trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
lame	"Pouring rain, New York City. A drunk hails a cab. Cabbie rolls down the window, the drunk man says ""hey mister, do you have room for half a chicken and a six-pack in here""?Annoyed, the cabbie says ""sure""the drunk says BLUGHHHHHH"
witty	How does a lawyer say goodbye? I'll be suing ya!
witty	Why did Eminem prefer the Johnson & Johnson vaccine? You only get one shot.
lame	It's crazy. One minute you're getting drunk as a skunk, then next thing you know, you're in the back of an ambulance. I really shouldn't be a paramedic.
witty	What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
funny	Do you think glass coffins will be a success? Remains to be seen.
witty	Yogurt is the most high class dairy product to buy. It’s so cultured.
witty	Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
lame	In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
lame	What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
lame	The most important element of public speaking? Podium
lame	Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
witty	What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
funny	I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he even laughs.
witty	A Dachshund and a Labrador are walking together when the former suddenly unloads on his friend. “My life is a mess,” he says. “My owner is mean, my girlfriend ran away with a Pomeranian and I’m as jittery as a cat.”“Why don’t you go see a psychiatrist?” suggests the Labrador.*“I can’t. I'm not allowed on the couch.”*
lame	Why was the belt sent to jail? For holding up a pair of pants!
witty	I'm Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
witty	2020 is the most popular year on the internet. It went viral.
witty	Did you hear about the hungry clock. It went back four seconds.
witty	It takes guts to be an organ donor.'
lame	What do you call a guy with two dicks? Ambidextrous.
lame	How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.'
lame	"A very drunk guy starts beating up a nun on the street He throws kicks, uppercuts, regular punches, even some drunk karate moves.Once he is exhausted he steps back and says ""You disappoint me, Batman"""
funny	"On my first day working at a bank an old lady walked in and asked if I could help her check her balance. I said, ""Ma'am, are you sure?""She replied, ""Yes if you don't mind.""So I gave her a slight push and she tipped right over."
lame	My doctor was really impressed with the amount of hair I had on the scalp for my hair transplant However, he was a *bit* concerned that the scalp was not mine
lame	I helped my uncle jack off a horse My uncle jack is really heavy, so it was hard to get him off of the horse
witty	What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
witty	How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
lame	What religion are crows? Birddism.
witty	What happens when a frogs car dies? He needs a jump. If that doesn't work he has to get it toad.
lame	What's a James Cagney love scene? When he lets the other guy live.
witty	I went to a really emotional wedding last week, even the cake was in tiers!
lame	What would you do if all US currency turned in to cheese? Personally I'd just start using a swiss bank
lame	Where did Napoleon keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
witty	What does a Japanese Soldier and a Actor have in common? When they get discovered, their career blows up.
lame	I hope someone comes across this distress signal Damn it, I used the wrong flare
witty	What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
witty	I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor. 
lame	My friend who was new to the internet asked me for a link to a translator When he received it he told me 'this is the link for r/jokes'I replied 'yeah everyone there's currently translating jokes from many languages '
witty	Bill Gates is the best person to deal with a pandemic He's been dealing with viruses since Windows 95
witty	Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
lame	"A man gets himself a date and decides to surprise the girl with some flowers. He walks into a flower shop and the florist asks ""Hey, what are you looking for, specifically?""The man says ""To have sex"""
funny	The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
lame	German tourist visits Poland Guy at the airport: Nationality?German dude: GermanGuy at the airport: Occupation?German dude: Nein, nein, only vacation.
witty	How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out? OK.
funny	I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but graphing is where I draw the line. 
witty	Why do cows have hooves and not feet? They lactose.
witty	What do you call a fly with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
lame	How do you know you've mistaken a bull for a cow? The taste of the milk.
lame	I was going to make a Star Wars joke today... But I didn't want to fourth it.
funny	I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
funny	Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
lame	What's the difference between a cop and a hermit crab? A cop ejects shells much more often
funny	How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
lame	What is the best way to hand feed a crocodile? Very carefully.
lame	Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course. Houses can't jump.
witty	To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I bet you can't sleep at night.
witty	Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
witty	Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
witty	What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
witty	While I was walking down the street I saw someone pushing a shopping trolley The shopping trolley was fully of horseshoes, four leaf clovers and rabbits feet. I asked them what they were doing. They told me they were pushing their luck.
witty	Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
witty	If the early bird gets the worm, I'll sleep in until there's pancakes. 
witty	Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
lame	I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
witty	Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
witty	Saw a right angle resting under a tree this afternoon and thought.... Wow! 90 degrees in the shade!!
funny	"""Cop: I'm arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia."" Man: ""Wait! I can explain everything!"""
lame	Why did the boy bring a ladder on the bus? He wanted to go to high school.
witty	What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
funny	Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
witty	What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
lame	Why does the physicist call everyone when they're stressed? Bc with a series connection, the voltage is divided.
witty	What's a tornado's favorite game? Twister!
funny	"A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, ""What do you want?"" The man says, ""Oh, just some fruit punch."" The bartender sighs and shakes his head, ""If you want punch, you're gonna have to wait in line."" The man looks around, but there is no punchline."
witty	Waiter: “And how would you like your steak prepared?” Me: “Guess”Waiter: “Medium rare?”Me: “Well done”Waiter: “Uhhh..”
witty	What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
funny	“What’s your name, son?” The principal asked his student. The kid replied, “D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir.” “Do you have a stutter?” the principal asked. The student answered, “No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.”
lame	5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
funny	I love how when you hear certain music, it can really take you places. For instance, the bar I'm currently in are playing Drake so I'm now going somewhere else.
witty	I asked 10 people what LGTBQ standed for… Couldn’t get a straight answer!
witty	Why are butter jokes so hard to make? Because there is no margarine for error.
lame	I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
witty	Why don't British people pronounce the letter 't'? Because the Americans threw it in the ocean.ALTERNATE punchline: Because they drank it all.
lame	My grandmother was famous for growing delicious strawberries. She made me promise that when she died, I would plant her strawberries on top of her grave so that people could enjoy them when they visited.I fulfilled my promise.She’s dead and berried.
witty	Everyone in my neighbourhood wears woolen jumpers that are a size too small for them.... We are a very tight knit community.
witty	What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
witty	How do birds learn to fly? They wing it.
funny	"(Reversing the car) ""Ahh, this takes me back."""
lame	Why do birds fly south? Because it’s too far to talk.
witty	kid: mom, can I get $20?”  mom: does it look like I’m made of money?  kid: well, isn’t that what M.O.M stands for?
witty	What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
witty	What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?' 'Supplies!'
witty	Trump's Staff picked their favorite instruments and the choice was unanimous Lyres, all of them
witty	Wanna hear a joke about construction? I'm still workin' on it!
witty	What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
lame	Why is it wrong to bully people in wheel chair? Because they can't stand up for themselves.
witty	Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
lame	February is Eczema awareness month.... I am raising money by selling scratch cards.
witty	Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession. 
funny	I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
witty	What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
funny	Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?
lame	i read on the internet there's a lot of people shooting heroin ...how is that guy still alive?
witty	How do you handle a fear of elevators? You take steps to avoid them.
witty	I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
witty	I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
funny	Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, “Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?”
funny	I wasn't going to get a brain transplant. But then I changed my mind.
funny	My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right.
witty	What is Jorah Mormonts favorite printer settings? Grayscale
funny	A guy walks into a bookstore and asks for a book on Pavlov and Schrodinger. The book keeper says it rings a bell but he doesn't know if it is there or not.
lame	"A teenage potato brings her boyfriend home to meet the parents. ""So, what do you do for work?"" asks the inquisitive father potato. “Oh, I work for a TV company as a sportscaster."" The father potato is furious and tells the boyfriend to leave immediately. “Why did you do that daddy?!” shrieks the distraught daughter, eyes wide.The father shouts, “I’m not having *my* daughter hanging around with a commentator!"""
witty	Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
lame	Guy A signs up for a haircut promotion where he pays a one time fee of $100 for unlimited haircuts, whereas Guy B said no to the promotion. Why does Guy B feel so much pain every time he gets a hair cut? Pay Per Cut.
lame	What did one snowman say to the other snow man? Do you smell carrot?
funny	My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. 'Sure,' I said. 'My door is always open.' 
witty	Why can't your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
lame	Dating a girl with an OnlyFans is a lot like having your own private, reserved parking spot. Anyone and everyone can see it, but only you actually get to use it.
witty	Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
witty	Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
witty	What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
witty	Why was the clam limping on Monday morning? Because he went clubbing at the weekend and pulled a mussel.
witty	Johnny and Ruth are mountain biking down a hill... ...Ruth hits a tree.  Johnny continues, ruthlessly.
lame	A son tells his father, 'I have an imaginary girlfriend.' The father sighs and says, 'You know, you could do better.' 'Thanks Dad,' the son says. 'That means a lot.' The father shakes his head and goes, 'I was talking to your girlfriend.' 
witty	My teacher said “we have the ability to clone we just don’t know what kind of rights they should have.” I simply replied “copyright”
funny	Did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
lame	I managed to lose my rifle when I was in the army. I had to pay $855 to cover the loss. I’m starting to understand why a Navy captain always goes down with his ship.
witty	How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
funny	As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. 
witty	What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish.
witty	Struggling to think of what to buy someone for Christmas? Get theme a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
witty	"My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall' to her. I said ""Maybe...""."
lame	"I was sitting on the back porch with my wife when I suddenly blurted out, ""I love you."" ""Is that you or the beer talking?"" she asked. I answered, ""It's me... talking to my beer."""
witty	I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
witty	Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
funny	"My mother in law bought a talking parrot, but returned it a week later. ""This parrot hasn't spoke a single word."" She complained.""I haven't had a fucking chance to!"" Replied the parrot."
lame	"Denmark: ""We will kill 17 million minks by 2021."" China: ""I killed 20 million in two weeks.""World: ""You killed 20 million minks in 2 weeks??""China: ""Oh no, sorry, I must've misheard you."""
witty	Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
funny	A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
